Add docs about the ASM blocking template page (#16317)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/how-appsec-works.md

From there, all services already protected by ASM block incoming requests performed by the blocked IP, for the specified duration. All blocked traces are tagged with `security_response.block_ip` and displayed in the [Trace Explorer][14]. Services where ASM is disabled aren't protected.

{{< img src="/security/application_security/asm-blocking-ui.png" alt="A security signal panel in Datadog ASM, allowing to block the attackers' IPs" width="75%">}}

> The blocked requests will feature a JSON or an HTML content. If the [`Accept` HTTP header][19] is pointing to HTML - like `text/html` -, the HTML content is used, otherwise the JSON one is. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blocked requests feature JSON or HTML content. If the [`Accept` HTTP header][19] is pointing to HTML - like `text/html` -, the HTML content is used, otherwise the JSON one is. 
```

> Both contents are embedded in the Datadog tracer library package and loaded locally. Example of the templates for [HTML][17] and [JSON][18] in the Datadog Java tracer source code on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both sets of content is embedded in the Datadog tracer library package and loaded locally. See the examples of the templates for [HTML][17] and [JSON][18] in the Datadog Java tracer source code on Github.
```

> The HTML and JSON contents can respectively be changed using the `DD_APPSEC_HTTP_BLOCKED_TEMPLATE_HTML` and `DD_APPSEC_HTTP_BLOCKED_TEMPLATE_JSON` environment variables. Alternative, you can use the `dd.appsec.http.blocked.template.html` / `dd.appsec.http.blocked.template.json` configuration entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML and JSON content can both be changed using the `DD_APPSEC_HTTP_BLOCKED_TEMPLATE_HTML` and `DD_APPSEC_HTTP_BLOCKED_TEMPLATE_JSON` environment variables. Alternatively, you can use the `dd.appsec.http.blocked.template.html` / `dd.appsec.http.blocked.template.json` configuration entries.
```
